well I'm chef Diane DiMeo and welcome to
bootleg tips today I am making an
avocado smash what is an avocado smash
well it's a little spicy horseradish
avocado that's mashed up with a little
bit of garlic and lime juice and be sure
to check out my yes veggie burger with
an avocado smash because that's what I'm
going to use it on but you can use it on
anything that you want because trust me
it goes good with just about everything
what do I need to make an avocado smash
an avocado we got some horseradish
crative you can use fresh if you wanted
to garlic some lime for lime juice and a
little bit of salt all right let's get
making the avocado smash first things
first get the avocado ready to go yeah
get into my bowl I like my avocado smash
very horseradish ooh so I'm going to use
a lot but you don't have to use a lot
you can use whatever you want but for me
for one avocado I'm going in with about
Oh 1 tablespoon there it is I'm gonna
have about half a lime of lime juice I
use the grater for garlic because it
kind of gives a nice fresh garlicky
juicy juicy yum yum you have the garlic
press you can use that too but we're
going to do this today
not to require a garlic glue add some
salt we're going in at about half a
teaspoon and you guessed it mash I use a
lime not just because to give it flavor
but also because when an avocado gets
into the air it oxidizes and it turns
brown so it keeps the avocado having a
nice vibrant fresh green color
I'm not going to mash it up too much
because I like a chunky when I eat my
veggie burger or when I like it on
everything else I just want to make sure
that I incorporate a lot of the flavors
into it and that's it
and here is the avocado smash with wet
horseradish mine juice some garlic and
salt and we have a little bite to taste
this is going to go excellent and
everything that you make and I will see
you next week with another bootleg tip
hello I'm chef Diane DiMeo and welcome
to my kitchen I am making a veggie
burger yes why well because sometimes we
just want a veggie burger and it's okay
to have one even though sometimes I
might be stuffing some pork inside mine
but today no meat just vegetables